Collection: Open intervals for temporal extents (#1127)
radiantearth/stac-spec: collection-spec/collection-spec.md

It is recommended to only use multiple temporal extents if a union of them would then include a large
uncovered time span (e.g. only having data for the years 2000, 2010 and 2020).

> Each inner array consists of exactly two elements, either a timestamp or `null`.

Reviewer: I think we use "datetime" most places in the text instead of "timestamp" -- I always think of unix epoch milliseconds when I see timestamp.

Author: With the explanation below it should be clear?! It's a bit straneg to write "Datetimes consist of a date and time" below...

> Each inner array consists of exactly two elements, either a timestamp or `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each inner array consists of exactly two elements, each of which are either a datetime string formatted according to RFC 3339 or `null`.
```

Reviewer 2: Discussing on the call to release - we only really use 'datetime' as our definition for the field in Item, not as a general way of talking about it. So I think we can just leave this as timestamp.

> Timestamps consist of a date and time in UTC and MUST be formatted according to

Reviewer 2: Yeah, we decided on that a bit ago - https://github.com/radiantearth/stac-spec/issues/1095
